Adding unattended ISO config guide (#179)
xcp-ng/xcp-ng-org: docs/install.md

The full answerfile schema [is available in our Annex](answerfile.md).
:::

> ### with unattended ISO and remote config
> 
> 1. [Prepare an answerfile](https://xcp-ng.org/docs/answerfile.html)
> 2. [Extract the XCP-NG ISO file](https://xcp-ng.org/docs/develprocess.html#extract-an-existing-iso-image)
> 3. Modify grub to use answerfile
> For BIOS boot - /boot/isolinux/isolinux.cfg
> For UEFI boot - /EFI/xenserver/grub.cfg
> 
> Add the following code to the line that has `module2 /boot/vmlinuz` and before `install` argument.
> 
> ```answerfile=http://local_server/path/to/answerfile.xml
> ```
> 
> 4. [Build a new ISO with your changes](https://xcp-ng.org/docs/develprocess.html#build-a-new-iso-image-with-your-changes)
> 
> ISO is ready for installation.
> 
> ### with unattended ISO and embedded config 
> 
> 1. [Prepare an answerfile](https://xcp-ng.org/docs/answerfile.html)
> 2. [Extract the XCP-NG ISO file](https://xcp-ng.org/docs/develprocess.html#extract-an-existing-iso-image)
> 3. Modify grub to use answerfile
> For BIOS boot - /boot/isolinux/isolinux.cfg
> For UEFI boot - /EFI/xenserver/grub.cfg
> 
> Add the following code to the line that has `module2 /boot/vmlinuz` and before `install` argument.
> 
> ```answerfile=file:///answerfile.xml
> ```
> 
> 4. [Extract install.img to install directory](https://xcp-ng.org/docs/develprocess.html#extract-install-img)
> 5. Add the answerfile 
> 
> ```cp answerfile "$WORK_DIR/install/answerfile.xml"
> ```
> 
> 6. Pack the image and remove extracted directory
> 
> ```cd $WORK_DIR/install
> find . |  cpio -o -H newc | bzip2 > ../install.img
> cd ..
> rm $WORK_DIR/install -rf
> ```
> 
> 7. [Build a new ISO with your changes](https://xcp-ng.org/docs/develprocess.html#build-a-new-iso-image-with-your-changes)
> 

Reviewer: I changed the formatting and some contents too. I was wrong about the `install` parameters, I thought it was present from the beginning but it's only implied so we need to add it when we add an answerfile :)

```suggestion
### Unattended installation ISO with remote config

If you don't want to setup PXE but still can serve a file (the answerfile) from a server that will be available to the hosts during installation, you can create an automated installation image that will fetch its configuration from the network.

1. [Prepare an answerfile](answerfile.md) and make it available from a local HTTP server
2. [Extract the XCP-NG ISO file](develprocess.md#extract-an-existing-iso-image)
3. Modify the boot configuration to use the remote answerfile
  * For BIOS boot, edit `/boot/isolinux/isolinux.cfg`.
    * Locate the `install` boot entry, which should look like this:
    ```
    LABEL install
        KERNEL mboot.c32
        APPEND /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga --- /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0 --- /install.img
    ```
    * Append `answerfile=http://your_server/path/to/answerfile.xml install` to the parameters passed to vmlinuz, before the last `---`:
    ```
    LABEL install
        KERNEL mboot.c32
        APPEND /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga --- /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0 answerfile=http://your_server/path/to/answerfile.xml install --- /install.img
    ```
  * For UEFI boot edit `/EFI/xenserver/grub.cfg` (and `/EFI/xenserver/grub-usb.cfg` for USB installation).
    * Locate the `install` menuentry, which should look like this:
    ```
    menuentry "install" {
        multiboot2 /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga
        module2 /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0
        module2 /install.img
    }
    ```
    * Append `answerfile=http://your_server/path/to/answerfile.xml install` to the parameters passed to vmlinuz, in the line that starts with `module2 /boot/vmlinuz`:
    ```
    menuentry "install" {
        multiboot2 /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga
        module2 /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0 answerfile=http://your_server/path/to/answerfile.xml install
        module2 /install.img
    }
    ```
4. [Build a new ISO with your changes](develprocess.md#build-a-new-iso-image-with-your-changes)

Your ISO is ready for installation.

### Unattended installation ISO with embedded config 

If can't either setup PXE or serve a file (the answerfile) from a server that will be available to the hosts during installation, you can create an automated installation image that will embed its own configuration. It's a bit more work and will need to be done again each time you want to modify the answerfile.

1. [Prepare an answerfile](answerfile.md)
2. [Extract the XCP-NG ISO file](develprocess.md#extract-an-existing-iso-image)
3. Modify the boot configuration to use a local (= embedded in the ISO) answerfile
  * For BIOS boot, edit `/boot/isolinux/isolinux.cfg`.
    * Locate the `install` boot entry, which should look like this:
    ```
    LABEL install
        KERNEL mboot.c32
        APPEND /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga --- /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0 --- /install.img
    ```
    * Append `answerfile=file:///answerfile.xml install` to the parameters passed to vmlinuz, before the last `---`:
    ```
    LABEL install
        KERNEL mboot.c32
        APPEND /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga --- /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0 answerfile=file:///answerfile.xml install --- /install.img
    ```
  * For UEFI boot edit `/EFI/xenserver/grub.cfg` (and `/EFI/xenserver/grub-usb.cfg` for USB installation).
    * Locate the `install` menuentry, which should look like this:
    ```
    menuentry "install" {
        multiboot2 /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga
        module2 /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0
        module2 /install.img
    }
    ```
    * Append `answerfile=file:///answerfile.xml install` to the parameters passed to vmlinuz, in the line that starts with `module2 /boot/vmlinuz`:
    ```
    menuentry "install" {
        multiboot2 /boot/xen.gz dom0_max_vcpus=1-16 dom0_mem=max:8192M com1=115200,8n1 console=com1,vga
        module2 /boot/vmlinuz console=hvc0 console=tty0 answerfile=file:///answerfile.xml install
        module2 /install.img
    }
    ```
4. [Extract install.img](develprocess.md#extract-install-img)
5. Add your answerfile
   ```
   cp answerfile.xml "$WORK_DIR/install/answerfile.xml"
   ```

6. [Build a new install.img with your changes](develprocess.md#build-a-new-install-img-with-your-changes)
7. [Build a new ISO with your changes](develprocess.md#build-a-new-iso-image-with-your-changes)

Your ISO is ready for installation.
```
